Add MDR controls (#665)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/ciso-guide/controls/mdr.md

# MDR (Regulation (EU) 2017/745)

{%
   include-markdown './_common.include'
   start='<!--legal-disclaimer-start-->'
   end='<!--legal-disclaimer-end-->'
%}

!!!note
    Fully implementing MDR entails a lot of work.
    Start by employing, hiring or training a person responsible for compliance with MDR. (MDR Art. 15)

    This page only points you to the MDR concerns relevant for Compliant Kubernetes.

> If you manufacture a medical devices, then you must comply with MDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you manufacture medical devices and you want to operate on the European market, then you must comply with the Medical Device Regulation (MDR).
```

Author: Uhhh, tricky. The exact text of the regulation is "placing on the market, making available on the market or putting into service of medical devices". So you might need to comply with MDR simply because you are importing a medical device from some other part of the world.

Reviewer: So let's take that, then. :) 

> If you place or make a medical device available, or put them into service, on the European market, then you must comply with the Medical Device Regulation (MDR).
